WIKI
    quest lines with map locations being mentioned
    map descriptions, safe routes and loot spots
    scarab fighting tactics
    NPC descriptions and fighting tactics
    economy of metal scraps vs using the same slot for the loot (at which cost it's better to get loot of $xxx vs scraps for crafting)
    exo rigs mods meta
    scarab )big spider)
    Kodiak for storm


BUGS
 I can delete non-approved POIs from other (people's)  sessions. Approved ones required admin privileges 


 QUEST ITEMS:
 25 Alcohol
 3 Tobacco
 30 Food (Vending machine counts)
 1 Intact Shepperd Mask (Purples)
 30 Bodkin Masks
 25 Oil Rigs Badge


STORY

WARCAT
On a smaller, story-related scale — I think the lore around Reborn vs. Bodkins could use more clarity and moral grounding.
Right now, it feels like we’re told to wipe out the Bodkins almost without context — exterminating them like “cockroaches” (as the game calls them) and even poisoning their food supply. That raises questions about what Reborn actually stands for. Are we supposed to see ourselves as humanity’s hope and help it no matter the attitude, or something darker?
If Reborn is meant to be the main faction, their actions  make them look more like aggressors than survivors. From this perspective, it makes perfect sense why other groups on the map want nothing to do with us. It’s hard to imagine forming coalitions with such a hostile force — even Sovereign, by comparison, looks almost peaceful, just trying to unite people under whatever banner that works.
Rebirth also comes off as more constructive group — at least they’re creating something, while Reborn mostly rob and destroy. Taken to its logical end, it almost feels like Reborn’s dominance would lead to an apocalypse, and Roborn (or whatever they evolve into) are the ones we should actually stop (which is what we are already doing).
The story could really benefit from a clear protagonist figure — someone or something players can identify with. Even an artificial or rogue AI like Tar could fill that role, but it might risk leaning into Tron 4 territory. Either way, a clearer moral anchor or sympathetic leader would help the world feel deeper. 

Mera'din
 — 11:27
@Warcat  Didn't want to clutter the feedback channel but felt the need to respond to your story feedback. I think you're missing a lot of the context in the story if that's how you took things. Granted, a lot of it comes from collectibles, which many people probably don't bother to read/watch/listen to, but one thing Sharkmob has always been excellent with is their environmental story telling as well, and even without the added context that comes from the collectibles, there's a lot you can see between the cutscenes from the missions, and the world itself.
There is plenty to view as negative with some of the Reborn and how they handle things (especially in terms of them turning on each other), but this is a world on its last legs. Nobody is going to be purely good in this world. The closest I think we have to that in the game is probably the Potluck, honestly. The Bodkin especially, though not as outwardly monstrous as the Nord at first glance, are still worse than most. Anywhere they congregate, there are signs of this. Piles of burned and charred bodies, clear signs of hangings and other executions, etc. Context is further added via the collectibles as though they see themselves as just protecting what is theirs, there are clear signs that they hit a point where even if you were from Colton County, if you weren't one of them then you didn't belong, and they began to turn on neighbors as often as they did on outsiders. 
It hasn't connected this directly yet, but considering their large presence near many of the churches, I suspect this could be in part due to influence from the figures known only as 'The Preacher' and 'The Parishioner' who took over for him. There was a religious movement in the area that vilified all technology as what was ruining the world to the point of zealotry and appear to have eventually begun taking people they found as "touched by the Devil" (aka people who used any technology) and burning them alive prior to (or about the time of) things getting really bad. I suspect many of this group rolled into the what became the Bodkin.
You're also looking at "The Reborn" as a single faction, which they (being predominantly the players) are absolutely not (and to be fair, groups like the Sovereign and to a lesser extent Alpha aren't either if you boil it down. I'd only consider one or two factions a true monolith at most). They were reunited originally under the banner of stopping Rebirth (which I'll get to), but after Rebirth went dark, they splintered. The start of the game is Tar trying to reunite who he can now that Rebirth has returned, but some don't care, some have become actively antagonistic, and some have even rejoined with Rebirth. It's why he doesn't trust you at the beginning of the game, and even Styx barely trusts you after what happened to her. The majority of the current main story in the game is establishing yourself, making connections, and building that trust that others have ruined. Granted that involves doing some potentially deplorable things, but note that that is at the behest of others (in the case of the poisoning that was specifically at the behest of the Butcher and the Sovereign, after they killed a bunch of the Alpha and tortured one of them, leaving him for dead, hardly makes them seem better than us to me, but I digress). 
As to Rebirth, I couldn't disagree more. They are the reason the world is in the state its in. Yes, they built everything to stave off the climate disaster, but it was done via numerous duplicitous means, and under false pretenses (the technology wasn't doing what they claimed it was, and they had begun weaponizing the Rebirth Guardians and drones previously used to build infrastructure and perform rescue operations well before there was any actual reason to do so). Moreover, they began to supplant control of the country and once things got progressively worse and the economy eventually collapsed they basically went full authoritarian regime and began to take over. When people fought back, they forced the Rebirth Guardians to turn on civilians to put down riots with lethal force. This was the the point where Tar broke free of their override and turned on them, freeing others and fighting back. At which point they had no qualms liquifying their brains until Tar found a way around their systems when near the towers. It was then they began to turn the tide and push Rebirth back. This is the point where Rebirth weaponized the towers and sealed the worlds fate. It was basically a "if we can't have the world, nobody can have it" super villain move that further decimated the already overtaxed planet. You say it feels like what the Reborn are doing would "lead to an apocalypse", but the thing is the apocalypse already happened, and it was at least in part an intentional move. Though it hasn't gotten into this yet, I suspect their plan was to let the towers wipe out most of the rest of humanity, and then when they came back, they'd pick up where they left off and have less resistance in taking control of everything. 
There's a lot more nuance to some of these things that I won't get into (as I've already gone on more than long enough, I think), but suffice it to say there's a lot we haven't seen yet. There are even some hints to a potential AI that Rebirth had been creating (despite the founder's aversion to it), so it's possible we will see yet another "faction" rise up during the story eventually. I'm also interested to see if we may eventually have to "choose side" at some point in the future as it seems unlikely that Alpha and Sovereign will ever come to terms and one side or the other may eventually force you to choose which one you will side with.